Update Ceres Version and add new changelog entries (#2873)
plentymarkets/plugin-ceres: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release Notes for Ceres

## v5.0.31 (2021-05-19) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plugin-ceres/compare/5.0.30...5.0.31" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### Added

> - The image box widget now has another option of the aspect ratio setting: "Retain aspect ratio". With this option, the widget retains the aspect ratio of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The image box widget now has another option for the aspect ratio setting: "Retain aspect ratio". With this option, the widget retains the aspect ratio of the image.
```

> - At the selection field widget of the contact form, at the selection type "Checkboxes" in combination with the option "Mandatory field" it is now possible to set the minimum and maximum amount of options to be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the selection field widget of the contact form, you can now use the selection type "Checkboxes" in combination with the option "Mandatory field" to define the minimum and maximum amount of options to be selected.
```

- The item list widget now supports image preloading.

### Changed

> - The QuantityInput component is now loaded together with the AddToBasket component. This reduces the loading time on the item view. Thanks to @naturdrogerie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The QuantityInput component is now loaded together with the AddToBasket component. This reduces the loading time of the item view. Thanks to @naturdrogerie
```

- The ShippingCountrySelect component in the header is now covered by Intersect instead of Lazy-Hydrate. Thanks to @MaxBentz!

### Fixed

> - The setting for enabling Vue SSR in the wizard could not be displayed in preview mode configurations. This has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The setting for enabling Vue SSR in the assistant could not be displayed in preview mode configurations. This has been fixed.
```

> - Templates of nested components that have not been registered via Vue.component() are taken into account server-side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Templates of nested components that have not been registered via Vue.component() are taken into account on the server-side.
```

- The delimiters in overwritten component templates are interpreted correctly by SSR.

> - NullPointer exceptions could occur in the LazyLoad component. The behavior has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NullPointerExceptions could occur in the LazyLoad component. The behaviour has been fixed.
```
